

Adrienne, The United States
What is my favorite sport? My favorite sport to participate in is actually swimming, and I used to do it competitively when I was younger. Now I just do it for fun and for exercise, but my favorite sport to watch is soccer or football, depending on where you're from. I had a really good time watching the world cup this year. It was very exciting and very interesting, so I was really happy about that.

Mark, England
What is my favorite sport? By far, my favorite sport is football, or in America they call it soccer because I love the passion of football and it's a very fast game, so I look to watch and also play football, but I like most sports really. Usually ball sports: rugby, tennis. I like watching all kinds of sports, but to play football has to be number one.

Lisa, Canada
What is my favorite sport? My favorite sport to do is skiing. My favorite sport to watch is ice-hockey. I love ice-hiockey. I think it is the sexiest sport on television today.

Peter, Sweden
My favorite sport would actually be only badminton because I hate sports. I don't like football. I don't like ice-hockey. I just hate it when my friends always talk about sports and I go like, "Come on. You don't want to do any thing else? No, we only want to talk about sports." But, so the only sports I like is badminton.

Skip, The United States
What is my favorite sport? Well, I've played martial arts. I've been doing that for around twenty years. Some martial arts are not really sports. They're more for self-defense but for what I do, and my way to stay healthy, is martial arts and running. As far as watching, that's a good question. I would suppose I would have to say, in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching. I've never tried it myself. I would have to probably be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but, yeah, I enjoy watching it a lot.

Phil, England
What is my favorite sport? My favorite sport is definitely football, or as American English says soccer. I am a very big fan of a vary small team called Warsol in the English League. They're in the fourth division in the English League and very, very weak, but when I was in England, I used to travel every weekend to go and watch them play, no matter what the weather or no matter what the results of the likelihood was going to be.
